14:35 - Cody Miles
  Do we want to start talking about whatever your next initiative is? Bricklayer.

14:41 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Bricklayer. Yeah. I do. And I wonder if I can show you guys. The problem is that I have a bricklayer right now since I'm still doing user, trying to figure out who the user is.  But I'm seeing if I can show you guys a bit. Let me just open it up somewhere and refresh, refresh, refresh.  OK, cool. Reclaim. So I know this is quite a lot, but I've been dicking around with it because I've got a demo on Friday with one of the banks.  So effectively, the idea is that after login, you'll probably log in with a specific role associated, you know, so you'll have like, you know, maybe a specific link that you're kind of like looking through the data.  The idea is that we want to capture the same information, but for different people. What the system does is it, I think the first thing that I kind of like landed on is really that it lands you in kind of like the state of your book, you know, with like this high focus area.  The reason why I want to do it is I want to really kind of like highlight the intelligence that BrickLayer can bring to your data set.  Do you mind if we just take like a little bit of a step back and kind of take?

17:00 - Cody Miles
  Why is the user in this product? What are they doing? What's the problem? Then dive in. Okay, so BrickLay.

17:08 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  BrickLay is our intelligence suite. So what we effectively are doing is we are taking all of your appraisal data, putting it in a data lake, and then pushing an LLM and a dashboard on top of it.  But why this is important is because this is the entire asset portfolio of the bank. This is what all of those people that manage assets, they want to have information about the risk, the segmentation, where they are landed, where they're overexposed, what the potential risk rollovers are, who's doing what work.  All of that information sits in this one file that we have, the appraisal report. That appraisal report is so.  It's mind with so many data sets, you know, but it effectively, you know, in this example, the appraisal book is like 6.5 billion, you know, over 3,000 appraisals, you know.  And so that's the portfolio that these guys manage, you know, on a day-to-day basis, you know, it's quite a lot of money.  And so the reason why you want to land here is because it kind of really gives you an insight of where you originally had all of the data just in PDF form and you had to build your own little, you know, secret source of like what it actually looks like.  You know, we now give it to you in a BI platform. Okay, so that's why you're in this tool.  And there's different people that would be in this tool. There's the portfolio manager that might just be concerned about the book versus the credit and lend officer that might be worried about the risk versus the chief appraiser that's worried about like the quality.  So different kind of like people exist within the same data center. Yeah. And so I don't know if I do have a log in, log out view here.  Let's see. No, it doesn't pop up. But the idea is that you will log in and log out, and then based on what you log in, you'll log into one of those lenses.  You know, you want to see, are you a portfolio person, are you a credit person, are you a whatever person.  And all that that does in the back end is it essentially just kind of like takes a viewpoint on the data.  So if you ask a question, it assumes that the soil. Okay.

19:35 - Cody Miles
  Where's the user's role being set? You presented it here as if it's something where I can change my role, but should users be able to do that?  No, no, no.

19:44 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  This is just for demo purposes. Okay. So, yeah, so it would be on like your login, you know, we'll RBAC it.  Right, right.

19:52 - Cody Miles
  Are you treating this similar to Parachute where there is just SSO and some launch point from you? Uconnect, are you going to treat it as if it's standalone?

20:02 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  would be standalone, so this would not be from Uconnect, yeah, this would completely. Oh, this is only standalone, okay.

20:07 - Cody Miles
  Yeah, this would be completely standalone.

20:09 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Uconnect might feed the data into it, but you don't need to log into Uconnect. You know, the type of decision makers that we all have here is executives.  You know, they don't even know what Uconnect is. Right, right.

20:25 - Cody Miles
  Where and how will it get its data if not from Uconnect?

20:28 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  So Uconnect might feed its data, but if it is, let's say it's a non-Uconnect customer, we will just consume it.  It goes through a pipeline, and then it lives in the data lake. Okay. Yeah.

20:42 - Cody Miles
  So that would tell me that there is not really a PLG path for this standalone app. In other words, you can't just like, and there's also the vendor issue that you brought up before, like you can't just sign up for this online and not talk to someone.  Yeah, no, no way.

20:58 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Yeah, no, this is million. To give you an idea, the bank that we onboarded here, we did three years of data and it was $25,000 just to build this POC because the amount of data you consume is  enormous.  Yeah, it's crazy.

21:19 - Cody Miles
  So anyone wanting to use BrickLayer, there's a sales-led motion that following implementation of this would begin with just structuring data from their bank and then getting it into this GUI where they can be presented.

21:36 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Yeah, we have, like, we take those appraisal reports, you know, that you've seen a couple of times and we extract information from them.

21:43 - Cody Miles
  Yeah.

21:43 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  We put a 27 pipeline extraction, you know, that kind of extracts it into it.

21:49 - Cody Miles
  So quite an intense task. Yeah. Okay. So once all of that is done, you guys are setting up users within BrickLayer, theoretically, inviting them to the platform.  With their role and they're logging in and now seeing their dashboard. Yeah, yeah. And so this is the first thing.

22:05 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  So what I wanted to do here, and it's a little bit busy because I've been  around with it. But the idea is to give you the state of your book.  So I really wanted you to kind of like have this ability to be able to say like, hey, 123 appraisals have passed through the month.  So I wanted to show some of the intelligence of Preclayer up front before we get into dashboarding. So the idea really was, you know, kind of like, you know, maybe some of this information is unique or interesting.  And then what I wanted to do is I wanted to really highlight the wow factors. So I had this kind of like statistical analysis run on it.  So, I mean, this one is not that wow, but it was really interesting as it said, like, listen, the condition explains.  It if something is good on excellent, there's a 10% of the variation in square footage. And so you've got this.  Many appraisals, you know, that is in good or excellent condition, meaning that you're paying this percent of premium above it, you know.  And so I kind of like wanted to do that. And so it's really interesting that then Bricklay kind of like they know reasons about that uniqueness, you know, so that you can see it, you know, from the get-go.  And so even kind of like showing you, for example, like high collateral risk, you know, saying that, you know, here was the trend line, you know.  And there's quite an interesting, you know, couple of ones where it says like.

23:34 - Cody Miles
  By the way, this is real production data here? Real production data. Wow. And so this was kind of like what we wanted to do.

23:41 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  We wanted to kind of like start reasoning, you know, and show you like, hey, listen, you know, your land sales approaches rise with your vacancy rates, you know, okay.  And it's not necessarily that super well, but to just see it in correlation to your data, you know. And then this ability to really kind of.  Like drill down into, you know, what does it mean? So if you want to click on one of them, it will actually open that proposed building and give you the insights on it.  So the idea here is really play with it and then you kind of start getting your daily digest. So you could, for example, ask it, you know, just, you know, basic questions.  So if you do ask it something like, you know, what's the value versus, you know, the cap as a scatter graph, it will try and attempt to do that for you.  It will kind of like reason about the information and then bring back a graph with this ability that you can pin it to the dashboard or open it, you know, into the dashboard.

24:38 - Cody Miles
  So pinning to the dashboard would just add it as an item here in this list or do something else?  No, so I do have this full board.

24:45 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  So you'll see that between insights and full board. It shows you kind of like your full portfolio overview. And so this is the default one that you get with your lens and everybody would get a different one.  But you can, for example, see that, hey, this... Its property has been reviewed more than once, you know, and it's increased 84% in value, you know.  And so it's kind of like really interesting signals. And again, you can click on it, you know, and open up that specific portfolio, you know, and kind of like to look at like what's been happening here, why it's been happening, you know, what am I missing?  Yeah. Yeah. So really intelligent kind of like, I've obviously given it too much data now, so it's a little bit slow to respond.

25:28 - Cody Miles
  Sure.

25:29 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  But what's really interesting is, as you'll see, like very heavy on the graphing. But what I kind of like started doing is, let's say, yeah, so let's look at this risk watch list, you know.  I wanted to give this ability to go and say like, okay, well, this is really curious. And if you right click on it, you know, click on this button that says explain this, you know, to me.  And what it will do is it will pop this into, you know, brick layer and it will go now.

25:59 - Cody Miles
  Thank you. Thank

26:00 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And try and reason about, like, why is this thing on you? You know, and so it will start to tell you things about that property.  And this is what we want people to really feel at. Now, the most powerful function that I have is this ability to, let's say, I want to create a new board.

26:22 - Cody Miles
  Very hot spot.

26:23 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Yeah, very hot spot. If I create a new board, want to say, like, maybe, you know, yeah, you can really talk about, like, am I even typing?  But yeah, you can really kind of, like, say, I want an entire new, you know, dashboard for this data set.  And then what it will do is it will reason about that entire, you know, data set, and it will actually build a dashboard on the fly with all of the information you have.  And so the idea is really, like, whatever problem you want to solve, we want to help you digest the information.  Mm-hmm.

27:03 - Cody Miles
  So what I'm hearing then is, by the way, before I start telling you and reflecting, the only thing that confuses me here is the insights, because what I saw on insights has a lot of duplication with what's on the main dashboard, with the exception of the additional text, the AI summary there.  Did I read that right? I do think there is duplication on a lot of it.

27:26 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  The reason why I wanted to kind of like land on the insights was almost like a daily digest. I expected that people will just blow through it, but I really wanted to showcase the brilliance, you know, the surprising, those wow factors, you know, so to speak, those, hey, I found something, you know, you might not have noticed.  And that's kind of like, you know, the lens that I wanted to propose that into.

27:52 - Cody Miles
  The insights themselves are kind of dynamically generated, and they change often, or are they more hard-coded? They just like the content of each of those little charts changes.

28:07 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  So it's interesting. So there's a combination of both, like where the charts, some of these charts are predefined. So they all kind of like exist as widgets, you know, which you can see, you know, like I've defined a bunch of them from a predefined perspective.  But I'm also giving the LLM an opportunity to find an X and a Y axis and then present something, you know, that has a correlation.  The problem just with an LLM doing that is that an LLM is really, really bad at kind of like figuring out which two things should be together.  So we don't want to degrade the quality of the data by not – we want to be prescriptive to a perspective.  Sure. Yeah. The thing that I'm trying to figure out by users is, like, if I look at, like, example, the LLM, you know, might look completely different, you know.  It might share a lot of these dashboards, but it might have like its own unique ones, you know, so for example, tenant concentration is one year, occupancy by property class, you know, we might kind of like to look at least rollover exposure.  So there might be things that are just not interesting to another person, but might be very, very interesting, you know, to this person.  And so I do think like there's a little bit of a differentiation there, you know, to give them kind of like very unique insights in what's happening and why it's happening.

29:35 - Cody Miles
  Okay. So here's how I'm seeing this app. What I'm looking at effectively is traditional BI with a chat assistant that can also do some right actions, creating some new dashboards, creating some new charts, putting that on existing dashboards, creating new dashboards.  Maybe with the added benefit of like this insight. Which I think is interesting, but I don't have a strong opinion about the insights part yet.  And so if I've gotten that right, in order for us to be successful here, what we need to do is define all of the different chart types, these widget types that should exist, and then just make them incredibly unopinionated so that whenever the agent is doing these right calls, they can kind of figure out the best chart to pick and then do that.  And then otherwise, it is just a series of dashboards plus the insights.

30:35 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Yeah, I mean, I do think that's basically what it boils down to, you know, not to, you know, obviously as a portfolio view and then an individual property view, you know, like an individual property view.  I've added some small things like, you know, you can do things on your own, you know.

30:58 - Cody Miles
  Very HubSpot.

31:01 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  I do, I think what we do know is that there's value, the information that we have is worth its price of gold.  You know, I think the thing that we're probably struggling with is really understanding how it is value, you know, how would this be used on a day-to-day basis?  You know, is it, because it's not really an active ticker, right? You know, you're not seeing appraisals fly in and change your book dramatically, you know, but you do want to kind of like, the other day I asked this question about, I asked it, you know, what's the biggest risk that I have?  And it actually called out a person and actually said, this person is doing 300% more work than everybody else and is, you know, responsible for 30% of your book and all of these work that's been passed without a second glance.  You know, and you would be like, that is... I mean, if I was a chief appraiser, would probably go and say, like, is this guy taking a shortcut?  Yes or no. But I'm not sure if that's a question that they would ask. Yeah. Yeah.

32:11 - Cody Miles
  Well, that's like when I think about insights, right? Like I would think about something where our system has an opinion about what good looks like for this bank.  And then it's raising, it's asking those questions that are given to the harness effectively when it's kind of running that job.  And then raising that as a concern of like, this is like something I want you to take a look at and you can disregard it or you can consider it a real thing that you didn't consider before.  Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, yeah, fair enough.

32:38 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And so I feel like I have this idea of both chat and dashboard, chat and view, you know, deep dive, you know, if you want to.  I do think like the probably the part that I'm going to miss, you know, that I miss the missing is, is this idea that maybe you.  I to say, I want to export this as a credit-ready portfolio for my board meeting, you know, or this is, I want you to create me the credit note associated with this, you know, whatever.

33:17 - Cody Miles
  Or presentation mode, this sort of thing, yeah.

33:19 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Yeah, I think that's the thing that's really missing from taking it from an average product to a really, you know, great product, yeah.

33:27 - Cody Miles
  Okay. Okay, I need to, I need to spend some time working through this, creating some suggestions for you. Last time you gave us like an HTML version of this, could you do that again?
  ACTION ITEM: Send BrickLayer video to Cody; then Cody review and send suggestions - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/YUC_zaEZPgq5efV-YGz5pdyP2VXZc19P?timestamp=2017.9999

33:41 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Yeah, I can try and publish it for you because this connects to live data. Right, right. So I can try and do that, or I can make a video at the least, what do you prefer?  A video would be perfect, yeah.

33:55 - Cody Miles
  Okay, I'll make a video for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.

33:58 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  So, and I think like, The thing that I'm really struggling with is even when I was building it, I was like, I have no idea which graphs are relevant and which ones.  We are testing it with clients. I've got a demo on Friday, you know, where clients are going to see it, you know, and I have no idea how they're going to respond to it.

34:18 - Cody Miles
  The one that paid a discovery fee for structuring their data, are they using this? No. Okay. No, they're not, no.

34:27 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And I feel like it's part of the problem that I have is, you know, I flew in and I am pushing deadlines, but I'm flying blind.  So I don't know if this is a situation of like build it and they will come. I mean, I'm assuming you've built this with like a proper eval system.

34:46 - Cody Miles
  So I wonder if we just need to surface more of those, you know, eval actions on charts and responses, this sort of thing.
  ACTION ITEM: Email Cody CoStar links/examples - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/YUC_zaEZPgq5efV-YGz5pdyP2VXZc19P?timestamp=2094.9999

34:55 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  It's very interesting because the only thing that is close to this is a product that's It's called CoStar. Okay.  You know, and I've looked into CoStar. You know, I'll send you a couple of links, you know, associated with CoStar.  You could probably find their little, I think you could probably find their little, yeah, CoStar. If you look at like this, you know, CoStar, who are we?  This is probably the closest that we got to competition. They are the guys when it comes to data, you know.  So the most interesting thing about CoStar is that the reason why they are the guys with data is that they effectively anonymized everybody's information and then they resell it, you know.  And so the thing is, is if you kind of like are looking at a building that you want to buy or just to introduce as a comp, you know, in your thing, you'll see that.

35:59 - Cody Miles
  Yeah, yeah.

36:00 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  They already have the images, they already have the data, it's already tableted, you know, they've probably sent someone through it.

36:06 - Cody Miles
  Their interface, however, is  up. But they have a marketplace, right, where you put your listing on or whatever, so that's how they're getting their data.  I'm sure.

36:15 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  They actually also pay people to drive around and take photos and things like that, you know.

36:20 - Cody Miles
  Okay, yeah.

36:21 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  I think it's really curious, just from Coastal, is that they are the commercial real estate, you know, data set.  And what was really interesting is, is we believe, like, we have actually richer data than Coastal, because Coastal is inferring based on sales, right?  We actually know because the real, yeah.

36:41 - Cody Miles
  Yeah.

36:43 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And so it's really about, like, starting to think about, like, competitively, you know, bringing that into the space so that any one view, any one role can understand, like, the lens that they're viewing.

36:55 - Cody Miles
  Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, so. I think until we have kind of some better product understanding, we're not going to do a great job on our end of saying, like, the lender needs these particular dashboards.  But we can, for now, start getting the right patterns in place and be thinking about, like, how does this actually really, really work?

37:15 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  Yeah, I think if we can utilize you guys to start thinking about that interaction between dashboard and intelligence, you know, like, what does that look like?  You know, what does that drawdown look like? How do I make sure I'm zoomed in? You know, how does it not feel like Power BI, but, like, as powerful as Power BI, you know, kind of stuff.

37:39 - Cody Miles
  Yeah, how do you very naturally switch between conversating with my data and generating reports on the fly, maybe even, like, temporary ephemeral reports, like a dashboard that's only for a presentation today, for example?  Yeah. Yeah.

37:55 - Edward Kruger (Realwired)
  And, and, by the way, like, you could see, I'll, I'll, you know, I'll suggest that you kind of like to look.  Look at costar.com and look at, you know, the products that they have. You know, you'll see they quite have a lot of, like, you know, things.  And, you know, every now and then they have, like, these snapshots of what their systems look like. And it's really gross.
  ACTION ITEM: Send remaining Parachute feedback to Edward - WATCH: https://fathom.video/share/YUC_zaEZPgq5efV-YGz5pdyP2VXZc19P?timestamp=2292.9999  Totally. Yeah.

38:15 - Cody Miles
  I think it is. Yeah. It's there. Okay. We'll get started. Thanks, bro. Well, first thing we'll do is finish up the remaining feedback we have for Parachute.  We'll send it over and make sure you guys are unblocked. Awesome. Appreciate it. Hopefully I'll see you next week.  See you next week. Okay. All right. Bye. Bye.